---
title: Home Card
section: User Guide
index: 1
---

The first screen appears on the right side of Gmail message page is called **Home Card**. 

The addon will read current message's recipients, sender and CC email addresses and search matching records in CRM to select a target record. Only one target record is displayed in the Home Card. Target record is selected according to order of *Account*, *Contact*, *Lead*, *Target* records in your CRM. *User* records are not selected as target. You can change the target record in alternative section in the Home Card.

Home Card is composed of several sections, as shown in the left side of the image below.

{{ "addon-explain.png" | screenshot }}

### Main Navigation Section

Main navigation section appears on top of any Addon Card. Main navigation has, from right to left, close button {{ "close" | svg_icon }}, universal navigation menu {{ "more-vert" | svg_icon }} and back navigation button {{ "chevron-left" | svg_icon }} if available.

### Target Record Title and Record Actions Section

Name field of the selected record is displayed as title in this section along with its module type as color coded two-letter icon. The email address, which is used to search to the CRM is shown below the title.

Below Title section is Record Actions section. By default, **[EDIT, Edit Record]**, **OPEN** and **[SEND, mail-merge-template]** is shown for editing the record, opening the record in CRM portal and to compose email using CRM template respectively. 

{{ "create-leads.png float-right width360" | screenshot }}
 
If the target email is not found in the CRM, an option to  actions are displayed instead. You can quickly create Lead or Account record to the target email by clicking on the labeled buttons with module name. Please refer to [Edit Record, edit-record] section for more detail. 

{{ "clearfix" | add_class }}

### Email Message Actions Section

Gmail Addon are displayed only in message view. Typically several Gmail messages are shown as thread, but there is only one active message, which is targeted in the Email Message Actions Section. You can change the target message by clicking Gmail message header.

In the section, number of words in the message, message direction with email address and snippet of the message is shown along with **Save** button to [save the message to CRM, save-message].  

### Related Records Section

Related records of the target record is shown in this section. For *Contact* record, related records of its parent *Account* is also shown. Click on the item to [view detail, record-view] of the related records.

### Record Detail Section

Record detail of the target record is shown in this section. By default, the section is collapsed. To view the section, click expand down arrow {{ "keyboard-arrow-down" | svg_icon }} to un-collapsed the section. 

### Alternative Target Section

If message has more than one target, alternative target emails are shown in this section. Click arrow button {{ "chevron-right" | svg_icon }} to change the target.

{{ "alternative-target.gif" | screenshot }}
